well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and this is what the channel is
about if you stick around to the end
you'll find out why this exists Harry
Truman Doris Day Red China Johnny ray
South Pacific
Walter Winchell Joe DiMaggio Joe
McCarthy Richard Nixon Studebakers
television North Korea South Korea
Marilyn Monroe Rosenberg's h-bomb Sugar
Ray pan John Brando King and on and The
Catcher in the Rye Eisenhower vaccine
England has a new queen Marciano
Liberace Santayana goodbye we didn't
start the fire it was always burning
since the world's been turning Joseph
Stalin Malenkov Nasser for Coffea
Rockefeller Campanella communist bloc
Roy Cohn piranha Toscanini Dacron in
bend footballs rock around the clock
Einstein James Dean Brooklyn's got a
winning team Davy Crockett Peter Pan
Elvis Presley Disneyland
Budapest Alabama Khrushchev Fritz this
Great Satan place trouble in the Suez we
didn't start the fire it was always
burning since the world's been turning a
Little Rock pasture not to keep mantle
kerouac sputnik bridge on the river kwai
lebanon charles de gaulle california
baseball Starkweather homicide children
if the little by Buddy Holly Ben Hur
faced monkey mafia hula hoop castro
edsel is a no-go you too Signori hale
and kennedy Chubby Checker psycho
Belgians in the Congo we didn't start
the fire it was always burning since the
world's been turning
hemingway eichmann stranger in a strange
land don't Berlin Bay of Pigs invasion
Lawrence of Arabia British should
Beatlemania old Miss Jean glenn liston
beats Patterson Oh Paul Malcolm X
British politician sex JFK blown away
what else do I have to say we didn't
start the fire it was always burning
since the world's been turning birth
control ho Chi Minh Richard Nixon's back
again moonshot Woodstock Watergate punk
rock biggie and Reagan Palestine terror
on the airline Ayatollah in Iran
Russians in Afghanistan will a fortune
Sally Ride heavy metal suicide foreign
debts homeless vets aids crack Bernie
Goetz hypodermics on the shore China's
under martial law rocker roller cola
wars I can't take it anymore we didn't
start the fire it was always burning
since the world's been turning so this
exists because some public school
teachers reached out and asked for a
favor they use a Billy Joel song to try
to create a spark in their student
to get them interested in history so
they can better understand today they
asked me if I would be willing to work
some of the elements from that song into
some of my videos to help generate that
spark and I was more than happy to do
that this channel isn't really just
about history especially not just you
know post-world War two history
it's about current events
it's about philosophy it's about being
active in your community the thing is if
you want to be effective at any of those
things
they're best viewed through the scope of
history and while we did not start the
fire it will keep earning and if you
want to play a part in it and you want
to be relevant 70 years later you're
gonna have to understand what happened
70 years ago
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night